docs/audits/README.md, before:

## Audits

### 2023

- [Macro Audit #2](https://library.0xmacro.com/library/audits/nori-2) audited _Certificate_, _Errors_, _ICertificate_, _IMarket_, _Removal_, _IRemoval_, _IRestrictedNORI_, _RestrictedNORI_, and _Market_ in February of 2023.

### 2022

- [Macro Audit #1](https://library.0xmacro.com/library/audits/nori-1) audited _AccessPresetPausable_, _ArrayLib_, _BridgedPolygonNORI_, _Certificate_, _ERC20Preset_, _Errors_, _LockedNORI_, _LockedNORILib_, _Market_, _NORI_, _Removal_, _RemovalIdLib_, _RemovalsByYearLib_, _RestrictedNORI_, and _RestrictedNORILib_ in December of 2022.

- PeckShield audited this repository in September of 2022. See the report [here](./PeckShield-Audit-Report-Nori-v1.0.pdf).

- [Omniscia](https://omniscia.io/nori-multiple-token-implementations/) audited _NORI_, _BridgedPolygonNORI_ and _LockedNORI_ in March of 2022.

### 2019

- Trail of Bits performed a [security review of the Nori token and legacy NCCR smart contracts](./Trail%20of%20Bits-Nori-Letter%20of%20Attestation.pdf) in October of 2019.

Commit message:

Add audit 4 to readme (#711)
* add audit 4

* update audit 3 comment

---------

Co-authored-by: amiecorso <amie@nori.com>

docs/audits/README.md, after:

## Audits
### 2023
- [Macro Audit #4](https://library.0xmacro.com/library/audits/nori-4) audited _ArrayLib_, _Certificate_, _Errors_, _ICertificate_, _IERC20WithPermit_, _IMarket_, _IRemoval_, _IRestrictedNORI_, _Market_, _Removal_, _RemovalIdLib_, _RemovalsByYearLib_, _RestrictedNORI_, and _RestrictedNORILib_ in September of 2023.

- [Audit #3](https://github.com/nori-dot-eco/contracts/pull/589) was ended early due to early discovery of additional changes needed.

- [Macro Audit #2](https://library.0xmacro.com/library/audits/nori-2) audited _Certificate_, _Errors_, _ICertificate_, _IMarket_, _Removal_, _IRemoval_, _IRestrictedNORI_, _RestrictedNORI_, and _Market_ in February of 2023.

### 2022

- [Macro Audit #1](https://library.0xmacro.com/library/audits/nori-1) audited _AccessPresetPausable_, _ArrayLib_, _BridgedPolygonNORI_, _Certificate_, _ERC20Preset_, _Errors_, _LockedNORI_, _LockedNORILib_, _Market_, _NORI_, _Removal_, _RemovalIdLib_, _RemovalsByYearLib_, _RestrictedNORI_, and _RestrictedNORILib_ in December of 2022.

- PeckShield audited this repository in September of 2022. See the report [here](./PeckShield-Audit-Report-Nori-v1.0.pdf).

- [Omniscia](https://omniscia.io/nori-multiple-token-implementations/) audited _NORI_, _BridgedPolygonNORI_ and _LockedNORI_ in March of 2022.

### 2019

- Trail of Bits performed a [security review of the Nori token and legacy NCCR smart contracts](./Trail%20of%20Bits-Nori-Letter%20of%20Attestation.pdf) in October of 2019.
