docs/EIP820/EIP820Registry.md, before:

# EIP820Registry


**Execution cost**: less than 562 gas

**Deployment cost**: less than 527200 gas

**Combined cost**: less than 527762 gas


## Events
### InterfaceImplementerSet(address,bytes32,address)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*
2. **interfaceHash** *of type `bytes32`*
3. **implementer** *of type `address`*

--- 
### ManagerChanged(address,address)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*
2. **newManager** *of type `address`*


## Methods
### eip165InterfaceSupported(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bool`*

--- 
### eip165InterfaceSupported_NoCache(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bool`*

--- 
### eip165UpdateCache(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*


--- 
### getInterfaceImplementer(address,bytes32)
>
>Query if an address implements an interface and thru which contract


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that is being queried for the implementation of an interface

2. **iHash** *of type `bytes32`*

    > SHA3 of the name of the interface as a string  Example `web3.utils.sha3('EIP777Token`')`


Returns:

> The address of the contract that implements a specific interface  or 0x0 if `addr` does not implement this interface

1. **output_0** *of type `address`*

--- 
### getManager(address)
>
>GetManager


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `address`*

--- 
### interfaceHash(string)
>
>Query the hash of an interface given a name


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **interfaceName** *of type `string`*

    > Name of the interfce


Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bytes32`*

--- 
### setInterfaceImplementer(address,bytes32,address)
>
>Sets the contract that will handle a specific interface; only  the address itself or a `manager` defined for that address can set it


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that you want to define the interface for

2. **iHash** *of type `bytes32`*

    > SHA3 of the name of the interface as a string  For example `web3.utils.sha3('Ieip777')` for the Ieip777

3. **implementer** *of type `address`*


--- 
### setManager(address,address)
>
>Sets an external `manager` that will be able to call `setInterfaceImplementer()`  on behalf of the address.


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that you are defining the manager for.

2. **newManager** *of type `address`*

    > The address of the manager for the `addr` that will replace  the old one.  Set to 0x0 if you want to remove the manager.



[Back to the top ↑](#eip820registry)

Commit message:

add a good example for documenting contracts

docs/EIP820/EIP820Registry.md, after:

# EIP820Registry
> EIP820Registry - pseudo contract introspection registry. This contract keeps track of all contract interfaces implemented by a given address. This particular contract is what allows contracts to register all of  the interfaces which it can support. It is particular useful for allowing and  disallowing certain types of transactions using "pseudo contract introspection".  Contracts wishing to leverage this type of functionality MUST inherit from the EIP820Implementer contract. More info here [EIP-820](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/820)
>
> Author: @jaycenhorton


**Execution cost**: less than 562 gas

**Deployment cost**: less than 527200 gas

**Combined cost**: less than 527762 gas


## Events
### InterfaceImplementerSet(address,bytes32,address)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*
2. **interfaceHash** *of type `bytes32`*
3. **implementer** *of type `address`*

--- 
### ManagerChanged(address,address)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*
2. **newManager** *of type `address`*


## Methods
### eip165InterfaceSupported(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bool`*

--- 
### eip165InterfaceSupported_NoCache(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bool`*

--- 
### eip165UpdateCache(address,bytes4)


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **_contract** *of type `address`*
2. **_interfaceId** *of type `bytes4`*


--- 
### getInterfaceImplementer(address,bytes32)
>
>Query if an address implements an interface and thru which contract


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that is being queried for the implementation of an interface

2. **iHash** *of type `bytes32`*

    > SHA3 of the name of the interface as a string  Example `web3.utils.sha3('EIP777Token`')`


Returns:

> The address of the contract that implements a specific interface  or 0x0 if `addr` does not implement this interface

1. **output_0** *of type `address`*

--- 
### getManager(address)
>
>GetManager


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `address`*

--- 
### interfaceHash(string)
>
>Query the hash of an interface given a name


**Execution cost**: No bound available

**Attributes**: constant


Params:

1. **interfaceName** *of type `string`*

    > Name of the interfce


Returns:


1. **output_0** *of type `bytes32`*

--- 
### setInterfaceImplementer(address,bytes32,address)
>
>Sets the contract that will handle a specific interface; only  the address itself or a `manager` defined for that address can set it


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that you want to define the interface for

2. **iHash** *of type `bytes32`*

    > SHA3 of the name of the interface as a string  For example `web3.utils.sha3('Ieip777')` for the Ieip777

3. **implementer** *of type `address`*


--- 
### setManager(address,address)
>
>Sets an external `manager` that will be able to call `setInterfaceImplementer()`  on behalf of the address.


**Execution cost**: No bound available


Params:

1. **addr** *of type `address`*

    > Address that you are defining the manager for.

2. **newManager** *of type `address`*

    > The address of the manager for the `addr` that will replace  the old one.  Set to 0x0 if you want to remove the manager.



[Back to the top ↑](#eip820registry)
