docs/RemovalsByYearLib.md, before:

## RemovalsByYearLib



<i>This library is used to manage the market's removal vintages.

##### Uses:

- [EnumerableSetUpgradeable](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/utils#EnumerableSet) for
EnumerableSetUpgradeable.UintSet
- [AddressArrayLib](../docs/AddressArrayLib.md) for `address[]`
- [UInt256ArrayLib](../docs/UInt256ArrayLib.md) for `uint256[]`</i>



---

### insert

```solidity
function insert(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 removalId) internal
```

Inserts a new removal into the collection.

<i>The removal is added to the Enumerable Set that maps to the year of its year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| removalId | uint256 | a new removal to insert. |


### remove

```solidity
function remove(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 removalId) internal
```

Removes a removal from the collection.

<i>Removes the removal from the Enumerable Set that corresponds to its year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection to search through. |
| removalId | uint256 | the removal to remove. |


### isEmpty

```solidity
function isEmpty(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (bool)
```

Checks if the collection is empty across all years.

<i>Uses the latestYear property to check if any years have been set.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | bool | True if empty, false otherwise. |

### isEmptyForYear

```solidity
function isEmptyForYear(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 year) internal view returns (bool)
```

Checks if the collection is empty for a particular year.


| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| year | uint256 | the year to check. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | bool | True if empty, false otherwise. |

### getNextRemovalForSale

```solidity
function getNextRemovalForSale(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (uint256)
```

Gets the next removal in the collection for sale.

<i>Gets the first item from the Enumerable Set that corresponds to the earliest year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | uint256 | The next removal to sell. |

### getCountForYear

```solidity
function getCountForYear(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 year) internal view returns (uint256)
```

Gets the count of unique removal IDs for a particular year.

<i>Gets the size of the Enumerable Set that corresponds to the given year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| year | uint256 | the year to check. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | uint256 | uint256 the size of the collection. |

### getAllRemovalIds

```solidity
function getAllRemovalIds(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (uint256[] removalIds)
```

Gets all removal IDs belonging to all vintages for a collection.


| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| removalIds | uint256[] | an array of all removal IDs in the collection. |

Commit message:

Fulfill special orders from set of valid vintages and/or specific supplier (#688)
* initial non-round-robin implementation and test

* consolidate endpoints, enable specific supplier

* remove other permissioned endpionts and update tests

* regen docs

* gas snapshot

* hows codecov lookin

* slither triage

* restore slither.config.json

* snapshot on latest version of foundry

* review comments ternaries

* use localCurrentSupplier instead of global _currentSupplierAddress

* refactor allocateRemovals

* refactor supply allocation data into a struct

* codescanning redundancy and remove comment

* review comments, snapshot, docgen

* better code reuse in allocation functions

* bug fix and snapshot for code reuse

* calldata vintages and snapshot

* bug fix in single supplier algorithm

* test hygiene

* use account utility to name nonexistent supplier

* remove purchaser param, fix documentation

* triage slither issues

---------

Co-authored-by: amiecorso <amie@nori.com>

docs/RemovalsByYearLib.md, after:

## RemovalsByYearLib



<i>This library is used to manage the market's removal vintages.

##### Uses:

- [EnumerableSetUpgradeable](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/utils#EnumerableSet) for
EnumerableSetUpgradeable.UintSet
- [AddressArrayLib](../docs/AddressArrayLib.md) for `address[]`
- [UInt256ArrayLib](../docs/UInt256ArrayLib.md) for `uint256[]`</i>



---

### insert

```solidity
function insert(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 removalId) internal
```

Inserts a new removal into the collection.

<i>The removal is added to the Enumerable Set that maps to the year of its year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| removalId | uint256 | a new removal to insert. |


### remove

```solidity
function remove(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 removalId) internal
```

Removes a removal from the collection.

<i>Removes the removal from the Enumerable Set that corresponds to its year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection to search through. |
| removalId | uint256 | the removal to remove. |


### isEmpty

```solidity
function isEmpty(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (bool)
```

Checks if the collection is empty across all years.

<i>Uses the latestYear property to check if any years have been set.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | bool | True if empty, false otherwise. |

### isEmptyForYear

```solidity
function isEmptyForYear(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 year) internal view returns (bool)
```

Checks if the collection is empty for a particular year.


| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| year | uint256 | the year to check. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | bool | True if empty, false otherwise. |

### getNextRemovalForSale

```solidity
function getNextRemovalForSale(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (uint256)
```

Gets the next removal in the collection for sale.

<i>Gets the first item from the Enumerable Set that corresponds to the earliest year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | uint256 | The next removal to sell. |

### getNextRemovalForSaleFromVintages

```solidity
function getNextRemovalForSaleFromVintages(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256[] vintages) internal view returns (uint256)
```

Gets the next removal in the collection for sale that comes from any of the specified vintage years.
If no removal exists on the valid range, 0 is returned.


| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| vintages | uint256[] | the valid set of years from which to pull the removal ID. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | uint256 | The next removal to sell, or 0 if no removal exists on that vintage range. |

### getCountForYear

```solidity
function getCountForYear(struct RemovalsByYear collection, uint256 year) internal view returns (uint256)
```

Gets the count of unique removal IDs for a particular year.

<i>Gets the size of the Enumerable Set that corresponds to the given year.</i>

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |
| year | uint256 | the year to check. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| [0] | uint256 | uint256 the size of the collection. |

### getAllRemovalIds

```solidity
function getAllRemovalIds(struct RemovalsByYear collection) internal view returns (uint256[] removalIds)
```

Gets all removal IDs belonging to all vintages for a collection.


| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| collection | struct RemovalsByYear | the collection from storage. |

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| removalIds | uint256[] | an array of all removal IDs in the collection. |
